Nelly's Rooftop Garden
Alex Holkner (rushed/alexkidd), alex@partiallydisassembled.net
--------------------------------------------------------------

Requirements: 
 * Python   >= 2.4
 * pygame   >= 1.6
 * pyopengl >= 2.0.1
 * OpenGL accelerated video card

The story so far...  Nelly needs to water her rooftop garden, but the pumps
have broken.  If only there were some way to transform water into a gas that
could float up to the rooftop and water the plants!

Your task is to water the plants in each scenario using the steam provided by
the kettle.  Steam will condense into water when it comes into contact with a
cold metal bar.  Water may evaporate into steam if it hits a hot object.

Running
-------

python nelly.py

Controls
--------

From the menu screen, select "New Game".  The materials you have available are
shown on the left.  Not all materials will be available in every level.  Click
on a material to select it, then click where you want to place it.  You can
move an object by dragging it with the mouse, and rotate it by dragging the
small rotation handles that appear around an object.  You can return an object
to the materials panel by dragging it there.

When you complete a level (sufficiently water the plants), you will be given a
code so you can access the next level directly.  Write it down on some paper.
You can return to the main menu at any time by pressing Escape.

To start a game from a level you are up to, select "Enter Level Code" from the
main menu.  Enter the code you wrote down earlier and hit enter.  If the code
is correct you will be taken to the appropriate level.

You can play in a free-form manner by choosing "Sandpit" from the main menu.
This gives you unlimited access to all of the materials so you can create your
own scenarios.

Level Editor
------------

A level editor is integrated into the game.  Select "Level Editor" from the
main menu.  The green arrows in the bottom right corner let you select which
level to edit.  The white page icon creates a new, empty level.  The disk icon
saves all levels to disk.  The red up/down arrows next to the "level"
indicator rearrange the order of levels as they appear in the game.  

The red up/down arrows next to each material set the stock levels for the
player.  A grey icon means the material will be unavailable for the level,
corresponding to a stock level of 0.  A stock level of -1 (coloured icon with
no number) indicates an infinte supply of material.

The brick walls are a bit tricky to draw.  Use the blue line material
(bottom-right), and click and drag to draw the first line (if you just click,
it will create a wall of no dimension that you won't be able to see).  Click
and drag on the red vertices of the line to move them, or drag with the right
mouse button to extend them (and to create a visible brick wall).  Dragging
any vertex into the materials area will delete the whole line.

Super-Secret Advanced Controls
------------------------------

F5 in the editor hides the wood-grain frame, making it easier to draw brick
walls beyond the edge of the playable area.

F4 anywhere will print the filename of the current level to stdout.

Credit
------

Metal and wood textures by lynnart, from http://lynnart.net/
Brick texture by Mayang Murni Adnin, from http://www.mayang.com/textures
Babelfish font by Dale Harris, from http://www.1001fonts.com/
Created for PyWeek 2, http://www.pyweek.org/
